3337 bug install instructions incorrectmisleading for python version (#3356)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/proc-pages/installation/installation-ubuntu.md

cd PROCESS
```

> If you would like to install PROCESS using a package manager such as conda, follow the instructions for [HPC installation](https://ukaea.github.io/PROCESS/installation/csd3-for-process/). Otherwise, create and activate a virtual environment. Note that you must use Python 3.8 - 3.11:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to install PROCESS using a package manager such as conda, follow the instructions for [HPC installation](https://ukaea.github.io/PROCESS/installation/csd3-for-process/). Otherwise, create and activate a virtual environment, as shown below. Note that you must use Python 3.10 or 3.11:
```
